
 G
Register(注册) in person: 1782N. Winchester St. Chicago Register by phone Call 264-8833
Register by mail: Use form given
Basic Photography
　　This is an eight-hour course for beginners who want to learn how to use a 35 mm camera. The teacher will cover such areas as kinds of film, light, and lenses. Bring your own 35 mm camera to class.
　　Course charge: $50.00 Jan. 10, 12, 17, 19 Tues. & Thurs. 6:00 ~ 8: 00p. m.
　　Marianne Adams is a professional photographer whose photographs appear in many magazines.

Understanding Computers
　　This twelve-hour course is for people who do not know very much about computers, but who need to learn about them. You will learn what computers are, what they can and can' t do, and how to use them.
　　Course charge: $75.50 Equipment charge: $10.00 Jan. 14, 21, 28 Sat. 9:00 ~ 11: 50a. m.
　　Joseph Saimders is Professor of Computer Science at New Urban University. He has over twelve years of experience in the computer field.
Stop Smoking
　　Do you want to stop smoking? Have you already tried to stop but failed? Now is the time to stop smoking using the latest methods. You can stop smoking, and this twelve-hour course will help you do it.
　　Course charge: $30.00 Jan. 4, 11, 18, 25 Mon. 4:00 ~ 7: 00p. m.
　　Dr. John 'oods is a practicing psychologist (心理学家) who has helped hundreds of people stop smoking.
Typing
　　This course on weekday is for those who want to learn to type, as well as those who want to improve their typing. You are tested in the first class and practise at one of eight different skill levels. This allows you to learn at your own speed. Each programme lasts 20 hours. Bring your own paper.
　　Course charge: $125.00 Material charge: $25.00
　　Two hours each evening for two weeks.
　　New classes begin every two weeks.
　　This course is taught by a number of business education teachers who have successfully taught typing courses before.
1. The word "professional" in this advertisement most probably means "______".
　A. spiritual 			B. journalist 		C. professor 		D. experienced
2. The shortest course is_______.
　A. Basic Photography	 B. Understanding Computers  C. Stop Smoking	 D. Typing
3. A course which can do something good for your health will cost _______.
　A. $50.00 			B. $30.00			C. $10.00			D. $25.00
4. There are typing courses ________
　A. on Saturdays and Sundays			B. from Monday to Friday
　C. from Monday to Saturday 			D. on each day in the week     
                              H
Scientists have recently discovered that mothers tend to hold their baby on the left. Of 255 right-handed mothers 83% held the baby on the left. And out of 32 left-handed women 78% held the baby on the left. As a control women were watched coming from supermarkets carrying baby-sized bags; the bags were held with no side preference. 
Then dental patients were given a large rubber ball to hold during treatment. The majority held the ball to their left side even when it interfered with the dentist's activities. This suggested that in times of stress objects are held against the left side. 
At that point something clearly contrary was observed. A large number of mothers who brought their premature (早产的) babies to a clinic were seen to hold their babies against their right side. 
So 115 mothers who had been separated from their babies for 24 hours after birth were observed for holding response. The experimenters presented the baby directly to midline of the mother's body and noted how she held the baby. 53% placed the baby on the left and 47% on the right. And it was also noted that the mothers of the group who had held their baby on the left had already had a baby from which they had not been separated after birth. 
Left-handed holding enables the baby to hear the heartbeat. In order to discover whether hearing the heart has a beneficial effect on the baby, the sound of a human heart-beat was played to 102 babies in a New York nursery for 4 days. A control group of babies was not exposed to heart-beats. The babies in the heart-beat group gained more weight and cried far less than the babies in the control group. 
1. Scientists found that _____. 
A. left-handed women tend to hold their babies on the right 
B. more right-handed women than left-handed women tend to hold their babies on the left 
C. only right-handed women tend to hold their babies on the correct side 
D. women who hold their babies on the left are nearly all right-handed 
2. What was "something clearly contrary"? 
A. Mothers of premature babies held their babies on the correct side. 
B. Mothers of premature babies took their babies to a clinic. 
C. Mothers of premature babies were seen to hold their babies differently from other mothers. 
D. Mothers of premature babies showed no side preference. 
3. In one experiment 102 babies spent four days _____. 
A. not exposed to heart-beats 				B. in a control group 
C. exposed to the sound of heart-beats 			D. in a New York heart-beat group 
4. The experiments proved that _____. 
A. mothers have an instinct to hold their babies on the left immediately after birth 
B. mothers hold their babies on the left at times of stress 
C. mothers of premature babies do not have the instinct to hold their babies on the left 
D. mothers find it more comfortable to carry their babies on the left because the heart is on that  side    
                      
                              I
From a very early age, some children show better self-control than others. Now, a new study that began with about 1,000 children in New Zealand has tracked how a child’s low self-control can predict poor health, money troubles and even a criminal record in their adult years.
Researchers have been studying this group of children for decades now. They observed the level of self-control the youngsters displayed. Parents, teachers, even the kids themselves, scored the youngsters on measures like “acting before thinking” and “Persistence in reaching goals.”
The study led  by Moffitt of Duke University and colleagues followed 1,000 children from birth to age 32 in Dunedin, New Zealand.
“The children who had the lowest self-control when they were age three to ten, later on had the most health problems in their 30s,” Moffitt said，“and they had the worst financial situation. They were more likely to have a criminal record and to be raising a child as a single parent on a very low income.” Moffitt explained that self-control problems were widely observed, and weren’t just a feature of a small group of misbehaving kids.
Moffitt said it’s still unclear why some children have better self-control than others, though she said other researchers have found that it’s mostly a learned behavior, with relatively little genetic influence. But good self-control can be set to run in families because children with good self-control are more likely to grow up to be healthy and prosperous parents. But the good news, Moffitt said, is that self-control can be taught by parents, and through school curricula that have been shown to be effective.
1．From the first two paragraphs we learn that                       .
A．the research has been carried out for five years
B．self-control in kids tends to determine their future
C．self-control was assessed by children’s intelligence
D．children’s self-control is almost the same at early age
2．Children with low self-control are more likely to                        .
A．become wealthy in later life    	B．get good school performance
C．have better financial planning  	D．adopt negative behaviors
3．According to Moffitt，                        .
A．only good genetic factors can shape their lives in the future
B．scientists know well why some children have better self-control
C．self-control in childhood has nothing to do with criminal activity
D．willpower as a child really influences people’s chances of adulthood
4．What can be inferred from the passage?
A．Self-control cannot be taught in schools.
B．The study is restricted within few participants.
C．It’s never too late to deal with self-control problems.
D．Good parenting can improve self-control and life success.
5．Which of the following might be the best title of the  passage？
A．Child’s self-control predicts future health and success
B．Kids are encouraged to take risks at an early age
C．Children’s development cannot be changed by teachers
    D．How to teach the kids a bit of self-control in schools                   
                                 J
“Our aim is to take our art to the world and make people understand what it is to move,” said David Belle, the founder of parkour(跑酷).
Do you love running? It is a good exercise, yet many people find it boring. But what if making your morning jog a creative one? Like jumping from walls and over gaps, and ground rolls? Just like the James Bond in the movie Casino Royale? Bond jumps down from a roof to a windowsill and then runs several blocks over obstacles on the way. It is just because of Bond’s wonderful performances that the sport has become popular worldwide.
Yes, that’s parkour, an extreme street sport aimed at moving from one point to another as quickly as possible, getting over all the obstacles in the path using only the abilities of the human body. Parkour is considered an extreme sport. As its participants dash around a city, they may jump over fences, run up walls and even move from rooftop to rooftop. 
Parkour can be just as exciting and charming as it sounds, but its participants see parkour much more than that.
Overcoming all the obstacles on the course and in life is part of the philosophy(理念) behind parkour. This is the same as life. You must determine your destination, go straight, jump over all the barriers as if in parkour and never fall back from them in your life, to reach the destination successfully. A parkour lover said, “I love parkour because its philosophy has become my life, my way to do everything.”
Another philosophy we’ve learnt from parkour is freedom. It can be done by anyone, at any time, anywhere in the world. It is a kind of expression of trust in yourself that you earn energy and confidence. 
1. Parkour has become popular throughout the world because of          .
A. its founder, David Belle			B. the film, Casino Royale
C. its risks and tricks			D. the varieties of participants
2. The underlined word “obstacles” in Paragraph 2 is closest in meaning to “           ”.
A. streets	            B. objects               C. barriers	          D. roofs
3. Which of the following is true of parkour?
A. It challenges human abilities.		B. It is a good but boring sport.
C. It needs special training.			D. It is a team sport.
4. As its participants move around a city,                    .
A. they can ask for help			B. they may choose to escape
C. they should run to extremes		D. they must learn to survive
5. Which of the following is the philosophy of parkour?
A. Sports and extremes.			B. Excitement and popularity.
    C. Dreams and success.         D. Determination and freedom.         
                                 K
Henry Ford, American car manufacturer, founded the Ford Car Company and produced Type T cars. He succeeded in making America a big car country.
    Growing up on a far-away Michigan farm, Henry Ford knew little of farming -- but he soon showed signs that he belonged to a new generation of Americans interested more in the industrial future than in the agricultural past. His father, William, hoped that his eldest son would join him on the farm enable it to become larger, and at last, take it over. But Henry hated farm work and did everything he could to avoid it. It was not that he was lazy. Far from it. Give him a mechanical job to do and he would set to work eagerly. It was the daily life of the farm, with its repetitive tasks, that frustrated him. "What a waste it is," he wrote years later, remembering his work in the fields, "for a human being to spend hours and days behind a slowly moving team of horses."
   So Henry turned his attention elsewhere. When he was twelve, he became interested in clocks and watches. Soon he was repairing clocks and watches for friends, working at a bench he built in his bedroom. In 1876, Henry left the farm, and three years later, he took a job as a mechanic in Detroit. By this time steam engines had joined clocks and watches as objects of Henry's fascination.
   According to Henry himself, he first saw a steam-driven road engine one day in 1877 when he and his father, in their horse-drawn farm wagon, met one on the road. The engine driver stopped to let the wagon pass, and Henry jumped down and went to him with many technical questions about the engine's performance. From then on, for a while, Henry became fascinated with steam engines.
   A chance meeting with an old co-worker led to a job for Henry as an engineer at the Edison
Detroit Electricity Company, the leading force in another new industry. Power stations were being built and cables being laid in all of the United States' major cities; the age of electricity had begun. But although Henry quickly learned the rules for his new job -- so quickly that within four years he was the chief engineer at the Detroit power plant -- his interest in fuel engines had control of his life. At first in the kitchen, and later in a shed at the back of his house, he spent his spare time in the evenings trying to build an engine to his own design.
   Henry learned it was a slow, hard business to build an engine by hand. Every piece of every part had to be made separately, checked and rechecked, and tested. Every problem had to be worried over and solved by the builder. To ease the burden, Henry joined forces with another mechanic, Jim Bishop. Even so, it was two years before they had succeeded in building a working car. It was a simple one, fixed on bicycle wheels and driven by a rubber belt that connected the engine to the back wheels. Henry called it the "Quadricycle".
1. Henry tried to avoid farm work because             .
A. he was lazy                       
B. farming was a waste of time
C. he didn't like working with horses     
D. the daily life and work on the farm was boring
2. Henry was most interested in                .
   A. clocks and watches   B. steam engines   C. electricity       D. fuel engines
3. To build an engine was slow and painstaking for the builders because         .
   A. they didn't know how to do it    
B. they didn't have enough money
C. they had no car wheels         
D. they had no machines and the job was complicated
4. Which of the following statements is NOT true?
A. Henry began to like machines in his childhood.
  	B. Henry built his first working car with his own efforts.
  	C. It took them two years of hard work to build their first car.[来源:Z*xx*k.Com]
  	D. Their first car was more like a bicycle with four wheels.                
                                  L
   Ever wondered how one person could save the planet from the effects of climate change?
A British-made computer game on trial release on Monday creates different ways of doing just that．
“Fate of the World”puts the Earth’s future in players’ hands, placing them in charge of an international environmental body which could save the world from the effects of rising greenhouse gas emissions（排放）or let it destroyed by more emissions．
	Through different scenes, players can explore options such as geoengineering（地球工程） and alternative energy sources to save the planet from rising temperatures, decreasing natural resources and a growing population over the next 200 years．
	An improved version of the game will be followed by a three-month feedback period from players, with final release due in February next year．
	Created by Oxford-based games developer Red Redemption, the game is different from other mainstream action games mainly by using data from real climate models and advice from scientists and economists．
“Science data is often inaccessible and we are trying to put players in a position of power and connected with the issues,” Gobion Rowlands, Red Redemption’s founder and chairman said．
This year, a series of apparent errors in climate science and the failure of UN talks to reach an international deal to cut greenhouse gas emissions appeared to weaken the public’s interest in climate change．
However, games centered on sustainability（持续性）and human rights have been growing in popularity and are welcomed by green groups as a way of raising awareness．
Using climate change as inspiration for entertainment shows the issue has affected global culture, which can only be a good thing．Friends of the Earth's head of climate Mike Childs said.“We need creative industries to work with these big issues as the results can be extremely powerful and can help us to understand what a sustainable future looks and feels like,”he added．
1．“Fate of the World” in the passage refers to                       ．
	A．a book on computer games             B．a company developing computer games
	C．a computer game on climate change           D．a player in charge of computer games
2．What makes the climate computer game different from the other games?
	A．It uses data from real climate models and advice from experts．
	B．It is the only computer game about climate．
	C．It can save the planet from the effect of climate change．
	D．It aims to affect the global culture．
3．It can be concluded from the passage that                        ．
	A．games on sustainability and human rights are very popular among young players
	B．the game increases players’ awareness of environmental protection
	C．only computer experts can play the new climate computer game
	D．after a three-month feedback period from players, the new game is on sale now
4．Which of the following can NOT the players experience while playing the new game?
	A．Challenging the climate change in an unreal world
	B．Understanding what a sustainable future looks and feels like
	C．Enjoying the power to decide the earth’s fate
	D．Predicting what will happen in 200 years
5．In which column of a newspaper can you probably read this article?
	A．Weather & Climate         B．Science & Technology
    C．Life & Entertainment       D．Sports & Culture  
 M
Credit cards let people buy things now and pay for them over months or even years. But some people get deep into debt: Some banks have terms and charges that can make it harder for people to pay off that debt. In the United States, there are calls for stronger government supervision of the credit card industry. They offer economic power at a price. In 2004, Americans had about $800 billion in credit card debt. Now they own about $968 billion.
Critics say banks made it too easy to get credit cards. But that may be changing. The crisis in the housing and credit they call markets is beginning to affect the credit card industry. More payments are late. Charges for late payments are a growing source of profit for banks. But late payments can also signal bad debts.
The central bank, the Federal Reserve, says two-thirds of American banks have recently reported tighter lending requirements. Many people report having their credit limits reduced without warning.
Some lawmakers are concerned that cardholders do not have enough protections from what abusive policies. These include actions like raising interest rates because of an unrelated event. Also, banks may raise the chances of a late payment by changing monthly payment dates for credit cards.
According to a survey, 82% of Americans think credit cards provide a valuable service. But a majority, 58%, say they do not trust credit card companies. And three out of four think the government should regulate the industry more closely. Three out of four people feel there is always some condition that makes a card less appealing than the company made in scared. And a little more than half say they have had a card that was not as good as they expected. But close to 80% say no one really reads the terms and conditions when they sign up for a credit card.
1．What does the underlined sentence in the first paragraph probably mean? 
	A．We can enjoy more convenience using credit cards
	B．Credit cards can improve your buying power.
	C．We can buy things at lower prices using credit cards.
	D．Credit cards bring more card debt as well as convenience.
2．Which of the following is NOT mentioned in the text?
	A．Banks are making it harder for people to get credit cards
	B．Some people’s credit limits have been reduced.
	C．It is more difficult to borrow money from some banks.
	D．Banks are receiving more charges from lat payments.
3．Which of the following can be a case of abusive policies?
	A．Banks make credit cards look more attractive.
	B．Banks ignore the danger of bad debts.
	C．Banks raise interest rates with no good reason.
	D．Banks put off monthly payment dates. 
4．What can we know from the text?
A．Banks actually prefer to see more late payment.
B．People should be more careful when applying for a credit card.
C．The US government provides better protection for cardholders.
D．The majority of Americans don’t think much of credit cards.
5．What is the main idea of the last paragraph?
A．Credit cards are still very well received in America.
B．Credit cards don’t live up to some people’s expectations.
C．Many people don’t believe in credit card companies.
D．The results of a survey about credit cards in Americans.                  
                                   N
Most American students go to traditional public schools. There are about 88,000 public schools all over the US. Some students attend about 3000 independent public schools called charter schools.
	Charter schools are self-governing. Private companies operate some charter schools. They are similar in some ways to traditional public schools. They receive tax money just as other public schools do. Charter schools must prove to local or state governments that their students are learning. These governments provide the schools with the agreement called a charter that permits them to operate.
	Charter schools are different because they do not have to obey most laws governing traditional public schools. Local, state or federal governments cannot tell them what to teach. Each school can choose its own goals and decide the ways it wants to reach them. Class size is usually smaller than in traditional public schools.
	The Bush Administration strongly supports charter schools as a way to re-organize public schools that are failing to educate students. But some education agencies and unions oppose charter schools. One teachers’ union has just made public the results of the first national study comparing the progress of students in traditional schools and charter schools.
	The American Federation of Teachers criticized the government’s delay in releasing the results of the study, which is called the National Assessment of Educational Progress. Union education experts say the study shows that charter school students performed worse on math and reading tests than students in regular public schools.
	Some experts say the study is not a fair look at charter schools because students in those schools have more problems than students in traditional schools. Other education experts say the study results should make charter school officials demand improved student progress.
1．If a private company wants to operate a charter school, it must                       .
	A．try new methods of teaching	B．prove its management ability
	C．obey the local and state laws	D．get the government’s permission
2．Charter schools are independent because                       .
	A．they make greater progress	B．their class size is smaller
	C．they enjoy more freedom	D．they oppose traditional ways
3．What’s the government’s attitude toward charter schools?
	A．Doubtful.	B．Supportive.	C．Subjective.	D．Optimistic.
4．What can we learn from the text?
	A．More students choose to attend charter schools.
	B．Charter schools are better than traditional schools.
	C．Students in charter schools are well educated.
	D．People have different opinions about charter schools.
5．It can be inferred from the text that                       .
	A．charter schools are part of the education system
	B．one-on-one attention should be paid to students
	C．the number of charter schools will be limited
	D．charter schools are all privately financed                    
 
                                    O
BERLIN （AP） ---A tiger escaped its enclosure at Cologne Zoo in western Germany on Saturday and killed a female keeper before being shot dead by the zoo's director, police said．
The tiger slipped through a passage between the enclosure and a neighboring storage building, where it fatally attacked the 43-year-old keeper, said police spokesman Stefan Kirchner．
"It appears the gate wasn't properly shut," Kirchner told The Associated Press．
The zoo was evacuated and a SWAT （特警） team was called in, police said．But before it arrived the zoo's director managed to kill the tiger by climbing onto the storage building and shooting it through a skylight using a rifle．
Kirchner said it was unlikely that members of the public had witnessed the incident, "This is the darkest day of my life," the zoo's director, Theo Pagel, was quoted as saying by Cologne newspaper Express．
The paper said on its website that the Siberian tiger was a 4-year-old male called tltai that came to Cologne Zoo from an animal park in England．In November it fathered three cubs with a 7-year-old Siberian tiger called Hanya, according to the zoo's website．
Police said the zoo reopened after Saturday's incident, which occurred around noon．However, a planned late-night opening of the zoo has been canceled．
Cologne Zoo is one of the oldest in Germany．It was founded in 1860 and houses some 10,000 animals comprising more than 700 different species．
1．Which of the following can be the best title of the news text?
	A．Tiger Escapes, Kills Keeper in German Zoo B．Tiger Escapes in German Zoo, Shot Dead
	C．German Zoo Keeper Shot Escaped Tiger   D．People Killed in Oldest Zoo in German
2．According to the police, what was the direct reason for the incident?
	A．The zoo keeper was a new hand． B．A gate was not closed appropriately	
	C．The zoo had neglected the secret passage D．It was very dark when the incident happened
3．What did the zoo do after the incident?
	A．They honored the killed person in a way.    B．They paid SWAT for their timely help.	C．They returned the tiger’s three cubs to England. D They called off the late-night opening.
4．How did the zoo director feel after the incident?
	A．Proud.	B．Disappointed.	C．Sad.	D．Angry.
5．What can we learn about the Cologne Zoo?
	A．It keeps a large variety of species.	B．It is one of the largest in German.	
	C．It has a history of more than 700 years.	D．No such incident has happened before.  
                                     P
For centuries, the body’s blood has been linked closely with the emotions. People who show no human emotions or feelings, are said to be cold-blooded killer. For example, the police are searching for a cold-blooded killer. He seems to kill for no reason,and no emo-tion,as if taking someone’s life as nothing.
Cold can affect other parts of the body. The expression“get cold feet” has nothing to do with cold or your feet . The expression means being afraid to do something you have de-cided to do .For example, you agree to be president of an organization. But then you learn that all the other officers have resigned,and all the work of the organization will be youre re-sponsibility. You are likely to get cold feet about being president when you understand the situation.
The expression“give someone the cold shoulder” probably comes from the physical act of turning your back toward someone,instesd of speaking to him face to face. You may give a cold shoulder to a friend who has not kept a promise he made to you. Or, to someone who has lied about you to others.
A cold fish is not a fish. It is a person. But it is a person who is unfriendly, unemo-tional and shows no love or warmth. A cold fish does not offer much of himself to anyone. Someone who is a cold fish could be cold-hearted. Now a cold-hearted person is someone who has no sympathy. Several popular songs in recent years were abut cold-hearted men or cold-hearted women who, without feelings,broke the hearts of their lovers.
“Out in the cold”means not getting something that everybody else got. A person might say that everybody but him got a pay raise-he was left out in the cold. And it is not a pleasant place to be.
1.There are    expressions related to cold that are mentioned in the passage.
   A.3            B.4          C.6       D.7
2.When you refuse to speak to a man and treat him in a distant way, you may express by“    ”.
A.I give him the cold shoulder      B.I think he is a cold-blooded man
C.I think he is a cold fish          D.I’m likely to get cold feet
   3.If Sue shows absolutely no reaction to those awful pictures of starving children in Africa,you will say      .
     A.she is a cold-blooded killer       B.she gets cold feet
     C.she is a cold fish               D.she is out in the cold
  4.We can use the expression“     ”to describe a man who abandons or hurts his lover without mercy.
A.cold-blooded        B.cold shoulder    C.cold feet     D.cold-hearted
  5.The topic of this passage is about        .
A.the relationship between cold and our body    B.some expressions about friendship
C.some expressions connected with cold        D.how cold weather comes into being                        
  Q
In 1826, a Frenchman named Niepce needed pictures for his business. But he was not a good artist. So he invented a very simple camera. He put it in a window of his house and took a picture of his yard. That was the first photograph.
The next important date in the history of photography was 1837. That year, Daguerre, another French, took a picture of his studio. He used a new kind of camera and a different process. In his pictures, you could see everything very clearly, even the smallest details. This kind of photograph was called a daguerreotype. 
　 Soon, other people began to use Daguerre’s process. Travelers brought back daguerreotypes from all around the world. People photographed famous buildings, cities and mountains. 
　 In about 1840, the process was improved. Then photographers could take pictures of people and moving things. The process was not simple. The photographers had to carry lots of films and processing equipment. But this did not stop the photographers, especially in the United States. After 1840s daguerreotype artists were popular in most cities. 
　 Mathew Brady was a well - known American photographer. He took many pictures of famous people. The pictures were unusual because they were very life - like and full of personality（个性）. 
　 Brady was also the first preson to take pictures of war. His 1862 Civil War pictures showed dead soldiers and ruined cities. They made the war seem more real and more terrible. 
　 In the 1880s, new inventions began to change photography… Photographers could buy films ready made in rolls（卷）. So they did not have to make the film themselves. Also, they did not have to process the film immediately. They could bring it back to their studios and develop it later meaning that they did not have to carry lots of equipment. And finally, the invention of the small handheld camera made photography less expensive. 
　 With the small camera, anyone could be a photographer. People began to use cameras just for fun. They took pictures of their families, friends and favorite places. They called these pictures “snapshot”. 
　 Photographs became very popular in newspapers in the 1890s. Soon magazines and books also used documentary photographs. These pictures showed true events and people. They were much more real than drawing. 
　 Photography also turned into a form of art by the end of the 10th century. Some photographs were not just copies of the real world. They showed ideas and feelings, like other art forms. 
67. The passage is mainly about ________.
　　A. the invention of cameras　　		B. a kind of new art - photography
　　C. the development of photography	D. the important dates in the history of photography
68. The first pictures of a war were taken by________.
　　A. a French photographer in the 1840s　　	B. an American photographer in the 1860s
　　C. a German reporter in the 1880s	　　	D. a French artist in the 1890s
69. Photography can also be an art form because artists can ________.
　　A. take anything they like　　			B. keep a record of real life
　　C. take photos of the famous　　			D. show ideas and feeling in pictures
70. According to the passage, which of the followings shows the correct order? ________.
　　a．Photographs became popular in newspapers. 
　　b．Photographers carried processing equipment while taking pictures.　　
c．The invention of small handheld cameras made photography easier. 
　　d．Daguerre invented a kind of photograph called daguerreotype. 
　　e．Brady took pictures of famous people. 
　　A. e, a, d, b, c　  B. d, b, e, c, a　C. b, e, c, a, d　 D. d, c, e, a, b    
                              R
  From a very early age,some children exhibit better self-control than others.Now,a new study that began with about 1,000 children in New Zealand has tracked how a child’s low self-control can predict poor health, money troubles and even a criminal record in their adult years.
   Researchers have been studying this group of children for decades now .They observed the level of self-control the youngsters displayed. Parents,teachers, even the kids them-selves,scored the youngsters on measures like“acting before thinking” and “Persistence in reaching goals.”
   The study led by Moffitt of Duke University and colleagues followed 1,000 children from birth to age 32 in Dunedin,New Zealand.
   “The children who had the lowest self-control when they were age three to ten, later on had the most health problems in their 30s,” Moffitt said, “and they had the worst financial situation,They were more likely to have a criminal record and to be raising a child as a sin-gle parent on a very low income.” Moffitt explained that self-control problems were widely observed, and weren’t just a feature of a small group of misbehaving kids.
Moffitt said it’s still unclear why some children have better self-control than others, though she said other resesrchers have found that it’s mostly a learned behavior,with relatively little genetic influence.But good self-control can be set to run in families because children with good self-control are more likely to grow up to be healthy and prosperous parents.But the good news,Moffitt said,is that self-control can be taught by parents,and through school curricula that have been shown to be effective.
1.From the first two paragraphs we learn that     .
   A.the research has been carried out for five years
   B.self-control in kids tends to determine their future
  C.self-control was assessed by children’s intelligence
  D.children’s self-control is almost the same at early age
2.Children with low self-control are more likely to         .
  A.become wealthy in later life    B.get good school performance
  C.have better financial planning   D.adopt negative behaviors
3.According to Moffitt,       .
  A.only good genetic factors can shape their lives in the future
  B.scientists know well why some children have better self-control
  C.self-control in childhood has nothing to do with criminal activity
  D.willpower as a child really influences people’s chances of adulthood
4.What can be inferred from the passage?
  A.Self-control cannot be taught in schools.
  B.The study is restricted within few participants.
  C.It’s never too late to deal with self-control problems.
  D.Good parenting can improve self-control and life success.
5.Which of the following might be the best title of the passage?
  A.Child’s self-control predicts future health,success
  B.Kids are encouraged to take risks at an early age            
  C.Children’s development cannot be changed by teachers
  D.How to teach the kids a bit of self-control in schools    
                              S
Most American students go to traditional public schools. There are about 88,000 pub-lic schools all over the US. Some students attend about 3000 independent public schools called charter schools.
Charter schools are self-governing.Private companies operate some charter schools.They are similar in some ways to traditional public schools.They receive tax money just as other public schools do. Charter schools must prove to local or state governments that their students are learning.These governments provide the schools with the agreement called a charter that permits them to operate.
Charter schools are different because they do not have to obey most laws governing tra-ditional public schools.Local,state or federal governments cannot tell them what to teach. Each school can choose its own goals and decide the ways it wants to reach them.Class size is usually smaller than in traditional public schools.
The Bush Administration strongly supports charter schools as a way to re-organize pub-lic schools that are failing to educate students.But some education agencies and unions op-pose charter schools.One teachers’ union has just made public the results of the first nation-al study comparing the progress of students in traditional schools and charter schools.
The American Federation of Teachers criticized the government’s delay in releasing the results of the study,which is called the National Assessment of Educational Progress.U-math education experts say the study shows that charter school students performed worse on math and reading tests the students in regular public schools. 
Some experts say the students is not a fair look at charter schools, because students in those schools have more problems than students in traditional schools.Other education experts say the study results should make charter school officials demand improved student progress.
    1  If a private company wants to operate a charter schools, it must        .
       A.try new methods of teaching   B.prove its management ability 
       C.obey the local and state laws   D.get the government’s  permission
2.Charter schools are independent because    .
   A.they make greater progress     B.their class size is smaller
   C.they enjoy more freedom      D.they oppose traditional ways
    3 What's the government's attitude toward charter schools?
       A.Doubtful.       B.Supportive.     C.Subjective.     D.Optimistic.
4.What can we learn from the text?
   A.More students choose to attend charter schools.
   B.Charter schools are better than traditional schools
   C.Students in charter schools are well educated.
   D.People have different opinions about charter schools.
   5It can be inferred from the text that            .
      A.charter schools are part of the public education system
      B.one-on-one attention should be paid to students
      C.the number of charter schools will be limited
  D.charter schools are all privately financed           

T
   “Our aim is to take our art to the world and make people undertand what it is to move.”said David Belle,the founder of parkour(跑酷）。
     Do you love running?It is a good exercise,yet many people find it boring .But what if making your morning jog a creative one?Like jumping from walls and over gaps,and ground rolls?Just like the James Bond in the movie Casino Royale?Bond jumps down from a roof to a windowsill and then runs several blocks over obstacles on the way. It is just because of  Bond's wonderful performances that the sport has become popular worldwide.
Yes,that's parkour, an extreme street sport aimed at moving from one point to anoth-er as quickly as possible, getting over all the obstacles in the path using only the abilities of the human body .Parkour is considered an extreme sport.As its participants dash around a city ,they may jump over fences,run up walls and even move from rooftop to rooftop.
Parkour can be just as exciting and charming as it sounds ,but its participants see park-our much more than that.
Overcoming all the obstacles on the course and in life is part of the philosophy(理念）behind parkour.This is the same as life.You must determine your destination,go straight,jump over all the barriers as if in parkour and never fall back from them in your life, to reach the destination successfully.A parkour lover said,“I love parkour because its philosophy has become my life, my way to do everything.”
Another philosophy we've learnt from parkour is freedom. It can done by anyone, at any time, anywhere in the world. It is a kind of expression of trust in yourself that you earn energy and confidence.
    1 Parkour has become popular throughout the world because of          .
       A.its founder,David Belle       B.the film , Casino Royale
       C.its risks and tricks           D.the varieties of participants
    2.The underlined word“obstacles”in Paragraph 2 is closest in meaning to “     ”
       A.streets          B.objects            C.barriers          D.roofs
3.Which of the following is true of parkour?
   A.It challenges human abilities.     B.It is a good but boring sport.
   C.It needs special training.         D.It is a team sport.
    4 As its participants move around a city,           .
       A.they can ask for help         B.they may choose to escape 
       C.they should run to extremes   D.they must learn to survive
5.Which of the following is the philosophy of parkour?
   A.Sports and extremes.       B.Excitement and popularity.
   C.Dreams and success.       D.Determination and freedom.  




答案 A 1-5 DACCB    B 1-4 CCDC   C 1-5 BDACC    D1-4 BADC   E 1-3 BDA  
  F 1 -5 CABBD    G1-4 DABB    H1-4 BCCC  I 1―5 BDDDA  J 1―4 BCACD 
 K 1-4 DDDB    L 71―75 CABDC   M 61-65 DACBD     N 1―5 DCBDA 
O 1-5ABDCA    P 1―5 CACDC     Q 67-70 CBDB    R1―5 BDDDA 
S 1―5DCBDA   T 1―5BCACD 

 




